Hahahaha
This is going to be a family soon
This resource
It should be shared.
It's not negotiable.
This Promise Hall is my life's work
The person who can hand it over
It's not negotiable.
Humph
I said that Xiao Wuji was not sincere towards Mu Yan, right?
I can't even bear to part with the Promise Palace
How can Mu Yan be happy if she marries Mu Yan?
To see if a man truly loves you
Not listen to what he has to say
It was about what he did.
He dares to blatantly reject your father before he is married
What if you were married?
He doesn't have the final say in this Zhao family
Wei Yan, listen to me
I hope you can understand me.
I can give you everything in the world
But only indefinite electricity cannot
Otherwise, a hundred years from now
I will have no face to face my adoptive father
For the dead soldiers of the Wuji Temple
I thought you really loved me
Would do anything for me
But I didn't expect
You can't even bear to part with the Promise Palace
I was so blind
Fancy you selfish person
Let me ask you something.
Weapon Shop and Me
Which one do you choose?
Sorry I thought I was done
Don't say another word.
That being the case
It's okay if you don't get married.
This is what you said.
Don't you regret it
English
Will you marry me?
Ah, brother Wuji
If you want
We're getting married soon.
I swear I will live up to it
And you know what?
I've been waiting for your words for a long time
Xiao Wuji
You bastard
You didn't choose it.
Hey, hey, hey.
What I said is good
I can't teach people whether to be righteous or not
But you can't afford to laugh in front of you
Chose the former
Give up resistance
Give your body to the herb
Materia Medica can destroy the first one
You heartless man
You get justice